Algod: Add README file to state proof package (#5386)
algorand/go-algorand: stateproof/README.md

# StateProof

> The stateproof package implements the orchestration logic for state proof. 

Reviewer: actually maybe we can link to the crypto package? (since it's not going to be where the README is)

> The stateproof package implements the orchestration logic for state proof. 

Author: I would really like to start the paragraph by talking about `stateproof` and not `crypto.stateproof`, since `stateproof` is the subject here. I'm okay with rephrasing the sentence if you have an idea.

> The stateproof package implements the orchestration logic for state proof. 

Author: having the background can cover for it.

While the crypto package implements the cryptography behind state proofs, this package is responsible for
- Signatures collection
- Signatures production
- Ledger data gathering
- State proof transaction generation.

## State Proof Modules

- `verify` responsible for making a decision on whether or not to accept a state proof with respect to the round
  in which it is was proposed. The network aims to accept the most compact state proof
  it can produce while on the other hand, produce a proof every `StateProofInterval` rounds.

>   For that reason, the network might not accept a state proof even if it is valid in order to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For this reason, the network might not accept a valid State Proof when there is a chance a better (more compact) State Proof could be produced. 
```
This is a really interesting detail. How does the network decide whether or not to accept a valid State Proof, then?

  give a chance to a better (more compact) state proof to be produced.
- `Signer` A go-routine that is triggered on every new block.

>   - Generates the state proof message when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Generates the State Proof message when needed.
```

>   - Signs the message using every online account's private state proof key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Signs the message using every online account's private State Proof key.
```

>   - Persist signatures into the state proof database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Persists signatures into the State Proof database.
```

- `Builder` A go-routine that is triggered on every new block.
  - Broadcasts participants' signatures over gossip. In order to prevent network congestion, every address has a designated round slot
  in which it can send its signature.

>   - Creates a state proof transaction and pass it to the transaction pool once enough SignedWeight was collected. It does that by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Creates a State Proof transaction and passes it to the transaction pool once enough SignedWeight is collected. It does this by
```

>   keeping track of `stateproof.Prover` for every target state proof round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  keeping track of `stateproof.Prover` for every target State Proof round.
```

>   - Responsible for removing `stateproof.Prover` data structure, signatures, and ephemeral keys once the relevant state proof is committed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Responsible for removing `stateproof.Prover` data structure, signatures, and ephemeral keys once the relevant State Proof is committed.
```

>   In addition, `Builder` module implements the signature verification handling procedure. A relay invokes this procedure on every signature it receives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In addition, the `Builder` module implements the signature verification handling procedure. A relay invokes this procedure on every signature it receives
```

> to make sure that it collects only valid signatures for the state proof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make sure that it collects only valid signatures for the State Proof.
```

## State Proof Chain Liveness

> The ledger of the Algorand node limits the storage of blocks and online account balances (needed for the creation of state proofs). If the state proof

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Algorand ledger only stores a limited number of historical blocks and online account balances (needed for the creation of State Proofs). If the State Proof
```

> chain is lagging behind regular consensus this might lead to permanently lose the ability to create state proofs. For that reason the `Builder` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chain were to lag behind regular consensus, this could theoretically make it impossible to create new State Proofs. For this reason, the `Builder` 
```

> maintains its own database and backs-up data from the ledger so it will be able to create state proofs even if the ledger advances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maintains its own database and backs-up necessary data from the ledger so that it can create State Proofs even if the ledger is far ahead.
```

> On catchup scenarios, The `Builder` is getting notified (`OnPrepareVoterCommit`) before the ledger removes data and stores it into the state proof database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On catchup scenarios, The `Builder` gets notified (`OnPrepareVoterCommit`) before the ledger removes data and stores it into the State Proof database.
```
